wanna know what's hot in theaters this
weekend oh don't you worry about one
thing my mom my dad finding dory swims
into theaters this weekend it's fun for
the whole family and features
everybody's favorite forgetful fish and
her undersea pal Herbie the spy comedy
central intelligence pairs Kevin Hart
and Dwayne Johnson as former highschool
classmates who reunite in the world of
international espionage
horror fans will delight in this
weekend's offering the conjuring to a
supernatural thriller based on the true
life case of one of England's most
notorious hauntings and finally let's
find out what taught in theaters this
weekend with this week's fantasy patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know in the comments below
we'll see you next time on weekend
ticket